Add LocalInspectionMode section to README (#1061)
cashapp/paparazzi: README.md

}
```

LocalInspectionMode
--------

> Paparazzi does not set `LocalInspectionMode` globally to ensure that the snapshot represents the true production output. Some composables, such as GoogleMap's, check this flag to replace their composable with a preview/snapshot safe composable and as a result Paparazzi will throw an exception when it isn't set. To solve this, we recommend wrapping your composition with a `CompositionLocalProvider` and setting `LocalInspectionMode` if you have composables that require it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some Composables -- such as `GoogleMap()` -- check for `LocalInspectionMode` to short-circuit to a `@Preview`-safe Composable.

However, Paparazzi does not set `LocalInspectionMode` globally to ensure that the snapshot represents the true production output, similar to how it overrides `View.isInEditMode` for legacy views.

As a workaround, we recommend wrapping such a Composable in a custom Composable with a `CompositionLocalProvider` and setting `LocalInspectionMode` there.
```

```kotlin
 @Test
  fun inspectionModeView() {
    paparazzi.snapshot(

>       CompositionLocalProvider(
>         LocalInspectionMode provides true
>         ) {
>           YourComposable()
>         }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      CompositionLocalProvider(LocalInspectionMode provides true) {
        YourComposable()
      }
```
